1. [[Session 1]] 
    
    new
    
2. _[_6:56 PM_]_
    
    Session 2 Zolain sholder checks [Scout leader] down mountain peak. Light then cast spell[dancing light] to keep position hidden. running from camp and beast forms 1 half true form the other a light mirror image. [Dium] [the twin] one hlf with us. the other at the camp. hes invited us to the camp. Light Zolina and Nip walk with dium to camp. Silvi and Skrat sneak to camp. Both Diums have a conection to one another. Kipling get helped by camp guards. guards wear black cloaks with right white calm and left black and pokie. like a ying and yang look. *Camp is a military camp. wit smiths and armourers. religious statues and gardens? Silver leaf sees a strange glow coming from lake [Diums twin]. Dium guides them to opening near lake. dium asks Ligt to peir into lake with him. skeleton stares back at light in the lake. [light has back story given to him][saucy] Dium plans to retake Rinatus. trying to clense the plague from the world. try to reanimate skeleton from bottom of lake. Dium has branded light trying to convince him to join. Dium [staring into the lake says] Eye are much stronger than the mind. In 2 hours the fun begins! kipling promised by Dium that he and his family will be safe. Kipling aquired some relic to revive old gods
    
3. _[_6:56 PM_]_
    
    [relic look likes a pounding heart] [dwarf bald red beard took relic east][where light was] Party gathers and goes towards light. pass fanatics praying and branding themselves and praying with branded hands. reach giant tent with light inside. light coming from tent. heart in glass casing. with black icor pumping through heart. meet other Dium that is franticly preparing for ritual. creating new casing for heart with parchment and signs. Dium tells us to enjoy show. silver Leaf leading crowd in celebration.  
    Skrat disguises as Kipling and Gets heart. plan fails and Skrat is paralyzed ,heart is in bag of holding. Dium holding Skrat marching twards other Dium. Diums meet and begin ceremony. mysterious figure pops out during ceremony and stops time to take heart and vanish. the light implodes and we are sucked into complete darkness. the party awakens to blue lights reveiling the party and someone shouts "we got a live one"
    
    new
    
4. _[_6:56 PM_]_
    
    Session 3 *need pre session warm up [physically fond of, feared of, on us that we are connected to] Party awakens with splitting headaches. Cave echoes with light flashing above. Then light pulses faster as the Party hears "we got a live one". the party hides accept for nip. the flashing stops and someone walks down with a fully tourched body [lava fully engulfing body]. CHARACTERS Brass Barkly [scanvenger of the Caves] Anya [small gnomish woman] Ningul [scavengers cleric] Skewer [Horned lizard dragonborn chained and muzzled] skewer has been there the whole time. silvi has small crush on. Qiscun [a being that perjects his consious into different bits around camp] [only one bot at a time] Anya scans party for something then gives party [Ancent googles]. Brass explains they are escaped covicts and people of Rinatis. scavenging for acient technology deep underground. Light is unknown. but attracted to noise. scavengers pack up and lead party to encampment. Looking for Ananis technology. Alot of people dont like Ananis but they want to obtain and learn from there abandoned technology. Anyas incite and someone else who reads frekwencies in the ground to find technology. Party comes to ridge in tunnel and Brass halts party and warns of Danger of being lost.
    
    new
    
5. _[_6:57 PM_]_
    
    Zolina sees pulsing down below ,and Athena feels the ground breathing. notice the pulsing as a wound of some kind. party is split on weather to mess with it or not. Nip then investigates wound and there is no reaction yet the wound has some sort of black liquid the is similar to the black liquid in his vision. Party ignores wound and come apon the depressing encampment. Spiral pillar in center of encampment. tunnels all around. Humindoid figures in center. horrifying centar like robot. [quizcan][hive mind being] doesn't like visitors. and scares skrat after introductions. Camp is scavenger pit. Blacksmith area broken tools Has an unnatural air. like someone intended to make this area. skewer tells silvi where to go to escape with hand jesters. Brass says they sealed the exit to the tunnels. he says the spiral is there "ticket out" as quizcan says. Brass wants us to team up to try and find a way to get out. Dium confronts Light during the parties long rest. Tells Light that he should keep brand and that he wants to be a mentor to light. says he doesn't have to like his means but to trust him. All he askes is to keep the power that was bestowed upon light. Brass has a mission for us. says that one of the scavenge spots was overrun by kobalts. needs us to go there and retrieve ancient item from them. the party convices skewer to go with us to the mission. *Skewer has joined party!
    
6. _[_6:57 PM_]_
    
    Session 4 Brass tells the party. theres only a handful of kobalds that stole the magic item. he cant say any more but that the magic item will be easily spotted when we see it. and that it is to power the main "furnace" area. The party heads into the tunnels as it twists and turns. as the party continues the ground feels more dens than clay but not metal. the tunnel looks like it was drilled to a point like someone was minning down hear. Runes around the area like there is a trap or a hidden door. the Tunnel is made out of something that looks like a carapace. the body of an insect of some kind. Silvi and Light combined figure out that the runes are a acient locking system. if the party Fails to unlock the system an alarm system is armed. there are seven runes and one says open in the common language. there are pressure pads on the ground that activate the runes. the Door way is an INanis structure and has Abjuration magic infused in it. A humanoid face imurges out of the identification magic and asks what we are doing. He is an Inanis assistant. the structure is an Inanis ship. Light says "Open" to the Door as Skrat steps on the open plate. Skrat in all his genius figures out the puzzle and with the help of freinds opens the door into this open cavern. Spiralling land Bridges crosses all around the cavern. A glow emminated from a center pond from the center of the area. the small flow of water sound filling the room. A large spralling castle made of coral on a landing reaching from ceiling to floor flowing downward like a waterfall.
    
    new
    
7. _[_6:58 PM_]_
    
    Zolina notices ther is a texture to the wall similar to the drill spiral door prior. both man made and naturally made. Skrat finds scratch marks on doorway showing kobalds where here but couldn't get passed door. A Kobald snatches the key from Athina. Skrat then activates Faire fire to see Kobald. Zolina shoots an arrow through the creatures jaw. the Kobald unphazed by the shoot. Nip then attacks the Kobald tackling him to the ground. Light then getting prepared cast detect magic on the castle. the Magic that is similar to Dium is flowing and potent pouring out from the castle. Light notices some sort of being that has made there home in the castle. Beings that look like lobsters bipedal and charging out of the castle [Chull] towards Nip and the rest of the Party. the party then readies for combat.
    
    new
    
8. _[_6:58 PM_]_
    
    Combat The kobald ecaped the cluches of Nip. Nip swipes at the Kobald blodding him before he gets free and moves passed the Chull crowed. Athina casts sleep on the group and the puppies of the group fall asleep. Zolina Pins the Kobald to the groud killing it instantly as it freezes in place. then runs into the fray summoning a shadow behind the group of chull. Nip transforms in to Raptor running into the group shredding into a Chull. Light firebolted a Chull and disabled his claw completly like a star ninja star through his claw. A giant claw the size of the bridge then comes out from the murky waters and lurks atop the bridge. the Adult Chull snaps into the Zolina and bloodies her instantly. one of the younger chulls knocks Nip out of wild shape. and knocks skewer back. Silvi then casts sitanece wisprs scarying away the adult Chull and having it let go of Zolina. Skewer then wraps chackles around a Chull and goes into a rage ready to battle. Nip casts burning hands. Zolina shoots at the adult Chull aswell as having her shadow attack the same chull. Light then runs and casts twin bolt firebolt. smacking a chull in the face. Skrat then opens his chest with a longboat onto the bridge knocking everyone back and 2 chull out of combat. Zolina stops an attack from the adult chull. Nip and skewer both get hit from the younger chull. Athina then controls the giant beast and chooses where the attack of the beast goes. crushing the adult and puppy chull. skewer then punts one of the younger chull off the ledge. Zolina and her shadow both attack the adult Chull. gloriously killing it. Nip transforms into a raptor killing the last Chull. leaving only the Big beast left. Skrat still sliding of the edge with his long boat in hand.